Ms. White, my name is Pertus, and I will be handling the divorce case between you and Kastin from now on.
Take a look at this agreement.
And sign it if you have no questions, please.
I gotta go through this. I never divorced before.
You are a woman with a great sense of humor. No rush. Take your time.
Alice is really trusting in a relationship, leaving such a beauty behind to go abroad alone.
Now some other guys weeping the benefit.
Ms. White shall pay Mr. Miller $10 million for your emotional distress.
Our grandparents arranged this marriage in the first place, and I haven't even met him once one year after we married.
Neither have we had any disputes. They ought to be a peaceful divorce, but I don't see how he would ask for this much money.
Excuse me, Mr. Lin.
Would you make a case for the $10 million in moral damages?
Ms. White, you shouldn't know the best what you've done. This woman must be a player, keeping her accord as by being cut into an act with her lover.
What did I do?
Ms. White, there are things that we should keep a little.
But if you keep playing innocent, I'll have to get rough with you.
You must sign this divorce agreement. It's not an option.